I'm always [Music]
late you put a song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a whale on the ocean while and free you
came and you were like a stor coming out of
mountains never to be Ted all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome back to our second to last Wednesday night bible studies on lady
Babylon you have come tonight to Something Sweet I have things for you I
have things for you you're going to love this tonight we get to bring
Jesus we're gonna bring him right here we're GNA put him right in this seat and
we're gonna interrogate him we're gonna for your sake the jury so that you have
the capacity to decide his fate
afterwards we may have gnostic informant um appear with some TX he's
been working diligently good for him with TX he's becoming so much more
enthralled with the sources yes yes tonight on lady
Babylon [Music]
now what finer purification could we perform
tonight than to bring in somebody who was
there let's start off this session
with a purification through celsus somebody who was there somebody who saw
what was going on let's take a look
[Music]
tonight [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
thank you salsa sorry they won um but here we're fighting the same battle this
is fantastic everyone here you've come here because you know and you're drawn by
those texts you know you are let's get the real stuff let's get the real juice
tonight I want to bring him in where is Jesus let's just bring him in right
away ladies and gentlemen of the
jury may I introduce to you Jesus
Christ it's your turn it's your
turn come to me come to me come to me you know you said you had to you had to
I summon you from the kingdom of Satan I summon you here to testify
today your pain will be our
pleasure let's bring him up that gets me charged I love it wherever two or three
of G are gathered in my name I will be there in your midst right here right now
right out of his mouth let's get the answers go for it chewy blast off this
is John 145 and Phillip found Nathaniel And he said to him the one who who Moses
wrote about you know and the law and the prophets we found him and guess what his name's
Jesus yeah son of Joseph from Nazareth Nazareth with the
second one state your name please Jesus of Nazareth nice to meet you nice to
meet you tell me a little bit about your child did you stay in Nazareth or did you end up going off somewhere
[Applause] else I was born in Bethlehem right in the days of Herod the
king and look look look look these Magi that came from the East East right came
to Jerusalem okay these Magi who are these Magi let's keep going let's keep
going um they were dudes asking where's the one who's born the basileus the
basileus yeah the basus of the Jews the king of the Jews
fantastic that's who you are that's what you were born
fantastic yeah uh they saw is star what said Jesus his star his star in the
east they came they bowed down they bow down to you Jesus yeah they bow down
they bow down to a baby these guys are weird they're all on drugs right these M
tons of drugs are you ready by the way tonight take it down for a minut chewy tonight you want to see the drugs and
you want to see them as he's using using them with his kids I'm taking you
tonight to show you what happens when Jesus
C we're back I'm alive that scared me some kind of
interference we're here to show you tonight we're here to show you tonight
um that moment when Jesus Christ becomes completely stoned yeah with his boys let's go and
look at it Jesus oh I'm gonna I'm gonna ask you a few questions let me ask you a
few questions I've got to enjoy it right who wouldn't enjoy it who gets a chance to do this thank you so much ladies and
gentlemen in the jury who gets a chance to do this go ahead chewy bring it up
and um you know coming into the house what do these Magi do they saw the little kid with his mother Mary right
falling down they worshiped him and they opened up their
treasure they opened up their treasure yeah they opened up you know carrying them around you got a little box it's
full of it's full of what Jesus what they give you is Dora is gifts they gave me gold frankincense and myrr only these
aren't the gold and the frankincense and the my you know about this is the frankincense
that is a part of a compound formula this is the SMA you don't know you know
it was on his face when they arrested him you know you said it was blood no
don't get ahead of yourself Smyrna on your face what did Jesus have on his
face when he got arrested in a public park with a naked kid let's go keep
going you guys are going to love it I bring you the I bring you the top top shelf tonight look at this um so they
went away and behold an angel of the Lord appeared in a dream to Joseph wait
a minute a we got Angels appearing and he what did he say he said take that P on take that kid right take that little
guy and his mother and get out of here go to Egypt and stay there until I tell
you otherwise right because Herod take it down Herod wants to kill him Herod wants
to kill him Joseph had had a dream he had a vision he had a
vision okay are we going to jump into the prophets yeah we're going to jump into the prophets only we're going to
see it from the historical actuality this time instead of from the fairy tale
when the evangelicals tell you Bible times as soon as they say those two
words run right it's an unreality we're going to look at the text and exactly
with the tex say we're not making up a thing it's all coming from the Tex you're going to be surprised when you
see the drugs let's go love it we know we love it yeah and he said you know get
him and go off herod's trying to kill you go to the next one next one Chey yeah but when Herod died look look look
this angulos came appeared Po
onar in a dream orar in a dream w we were in Egypt Daddy had a
dream so um okay I I see where you're going um I hear you and the jury hears
you and they hear your prophetic personality Jesus love it love
it but let's go and ask a couple of questions so um Dad brings you back now
ask me the riddle me this Jesus um were you educ C did you do something with all
that gold did anybody notice you walking around with all that gold my goodness
gold and next thing you know you'll be buying maid servants you'll be buying
virgins yes um perhaps we will find some of those virgins tonight uh that you
could have bought with your gold yeah maybe we will how about this
Jesus I love your clothes your threads man let's not take them apart right
let's see who gets this let's let the fates determine I want those threads I
want those threads Morning Star you've got the
groove let's go next text let's follow Jesus right you see you see what happens
clown blow it up please chewy and oh look at this guys and Greek you're GNA
love the um little look at the genit of absolute that start starts this little
thing out yeah with the sabbath coming on what happened what happened he began
to teach in the synagogue wait a minute these synagogues that started to get buil a couple hundred years ago right
they're new they're full of Greek what are we gonna do Jesus is gonna go around and teach them is that what you're GNA
do he's a teacher ladies and gentlemen and um many people hearing him they were
kind of struck saying where' he get these ideas and this wisdom that he's
got you know this wi wisdom that's been given to him and what else does he have
he has dunam and every Bible on the planet in English will translate this as
morula Miracles Miracles but we know that's not what it
is we know because we don't follow the fairy tale if you thought Jesus was
snapping his fingers and stuff was happening you are an
idiot and I mean that from Greek you are what people
called Peter and John John or James I forget
but Peter was there we'll look in just a second and they called him
idiotes they were uned not uneducated he didn't even use that word oh we'll look
at it we'll look at it but that word idiot is definitely there if you thought
that was happening it's because you haven't lived you haven't
lived yeah boom miraculum no so what is
the dunam what are the dunames plural what are they what are they then he's
got good speak he's got good here is where we show you the actuality bring it
bring it up look at this dunamis generally power power force
might the expression of that power the expression of some capacity is
dunamus yeah and by the way one classicist is worth 50 buck Bible
scholars yes seriously I would take a a a seasoned
classicist any day of the week to the best Bible scholars from every top
seminary in the country seriously for this reason that I'm just about to show you watch what watch what the text will
bring you will show you okay um look dunamis what what else is it well it's a
medicine you're kidding me am in a medicine no look look people at the end of the first
line look look look look dunam right the
polyic and we know because you and I have already been there with Nero remember when Nero showed up we're
looking at the recipe what is poicon we already know we
already know we have ears to hear you've been here the whole time yes you know what
that pood is oh my
goodness oh my goodness Jesus I'm not ignoring you I know you want the center
of attention just chill out there Mr Nazareth okay um let's go to the next
text he's got to do what I tell him to do Chey it doesn't matter okay um and so uh G I think we're
one before that one before that yeah no that's it oh up but keep it up I want you to see now look at B look at 4B it's
the action of those medicines right which is a title surprise surprise of a
work of Galen right part of the title anyway on those powers on those Powers a
magical substance right something that has a magical
potency that is what Jesus is doing yeah he is
inducing the drugs he is bringing you the power of
the medicine because he is the
Divine Son of God physician the great physician not just
physician but the great the great physician aren't you yeah he nodded
thanks bro thanks let's get another text there I'm I don't like this I'm feel
like I'm being too nice for so long I've wanted to do this I just hav here's the
opportunity I love everybody for coming even the evangelicals who want to see me
do my thing thank you for coming it's a little bit twisted but I appreciate it I
do this is fantastic and um look so Jesus goes around teaching he goes
around teaching U presenting him himself as a teacher and he gets these little kids to follow him
and something happens somebody comes and they're like what who is this guy he
goes back to his hometown right and what happens the people there like isn't this that
tectone isn't this that tectone the son of Mary right brother of James and
and SK I see monos isn't this that
dude yeah aren't his ADI aren't his sisters here too yeah and what happened
what happened they got scandalized they got scandalized you
know why because they knew who he was they knew his
tricks and you know what he couldn't do anymore he couldn't use uses drugs anymore so he went out to a village now
why and you have to ask yourself why remember the Magi are the ones who
started this whole trip Jesus the Magi I got to start asking him questions the
Magi started every sred everything out ball gag down yeah the Magi stirred
everything out why do you think Jesus is going around stoned we're going to look at him actually getting stoned tonight
you are here to see Jesus Christ get stoned you're gonna love it I've been
saving this one people oh I'm pulling it out now because this is the
stuff it's delicious let's go to the yeah next one um look and what is that
ton right it's a master of an art as in gymnastics right they talk about
physician this way right um I just want you to see that it doesn't have to be a
builder it doesn't have to be a carpenter right it's it's really a
technician right a master of a certain area okay and he's got his students with
him it only makes sense that they're saying hey hey right you know daskalos
right teacher where yeah and here he is children everywhere let's go to the next
one boom oh love it Mark 64 and he said
them Jesus said to them you know you know um because he's answering okay let's take a step back what's
happened he conked out he conked out in his own in his own place of uh where his
family were um he couldn't he couldn't um do
anything he couldn't do anything nobody bought it yeah even his brothers and his
sisters and that's especially his brothers and his sisters right because
why because they knew him they knew what he'd been doing the whole time down in
Egypt what do you think he did with all that gold yeah right I'm going to show you
the the the frankincense and the myrr I'm going to show you the those but I'm
going to show you Jesus on Frank S and M you want to see Jesus on what they use on the island of Cypress to worship the
great great Queen Aphrodite you want to see it you bunch of satanists I love
this this is fantastic let's go um yeah and what is this no he so
Jesus says hey you know Prophet doesn't get any honor right he's he's not
without it prophet's not without technically he's not without honor except right May except in his own
backyard right and his own P right his own his own stomping grounds where all
his relatives are right and in his own house prophets don't get onor right
isn't that isn't that amazing mind control brilliant mind control Jesus
love it what's the question on the next slide
yeah which one is next this one yeah go ahead and put it up okay can you do
Miracles can you do Miracles Jesus right can you do
Miracles um wait a minute um you don't
understand the Miracles oh okay I'm talking dunamis you know what I'm talking about
can you use those powers can you use those Powers you know you couldn't could
you your did your steam run out you lost it didn't you and you couldn't around
your own people and let me tell you this that moment of weakness is the most delicious thing I've ever seen in my
life because it's an inability Jesus it's an inability look people ad do not
in Greek you cannot get anything more explicit he didn't have the potency to
pull it off he couldn't do it anymore yeah yeah they took away his
drugs shame on them and you say wait a minute Jesus is a prophet Jesus is a
prophet how are their drugs keep going keep going did we skip chewy did we skip
you sure okay um okay we'll get there um he wasn't able to do anything you know except this and uh what what was he look
at the end of this look at the AE Holy Ghost except for what for giving putting
his hands on some people who are Aros and arosto is not always ill sometimes
translated as ill but it can also be like in a mental mentally ill state so
he's laying his hands on him and he's e and he is applying the therapy baby to
these people he still do that right he can still do that to a few of these but
his dunam he doesn't have it in his own backyard he doesn't have it in his own
backyard fantastic took away his drugs let's keep going let's keep going blow it up and um
Jesus was just all it says is he was Jesus was just he was like what I can't
believe these people didn't buy it right they got no faith they're
faithless right and so what does he do he goes around the Villages in the areas
around where he lives so that you know he can get out and meet some fresh face
and maybe his uh you know maybe his medicines work yeah let's go fantastic
bring it down oh love it and so what did he do he calls together the 12 these are
his 12 children and um AKA Apostles and he begins to send them out two at a time
two and two right and what does he do right he um he gives them
the he gives them what it takes to cast out right these bad spirits to perform
look at the last word a on look at that the a
cathartic right this is purification what is Jesus Jesus what are you
teaching your disciples to purify to purify and um okay so this is
known necromancy right known necromancy yes okay fine and these cathartic rights
these are pretty much oh there's been a thousand years of them
up until this point you're not the first are you Jesus no no no he's not the
first as a matter of fact he's he's on the scene quite late quite late yeah
this Magi next one yeah and what happens um he the the
he's going to teaches people right right he they're going to cast out they cast
out a lot of demons a lot of demons they cast them out because these are cathartic riots right and what did they
do they went around touching people with oil baby just touch oily oily oily oily
give you some oil and given therapy to the people who didn't feel so good right
to the people who weren't quite right they made them right oiled them up in
the process these are the oil boys these are the oil boys
um think about that for a minute just step out historically as we sit here and look at Jesus he is sending teenagers
out to oil people and to cast out their
demons okay okay I just is that
clear did everybody on the jury hear that we good okay okay let's go to the
next go to the next one please boom Mark 6:15 some people say Jesus that you're
Elias right and um other people say that you're one of the prophets yeah yeah um
this is just the way it is this is just the way it is what is a prophet and the next question should be I want to pull
up my question L Chey what is a prophet what is a prophet Jesus give us a
definition here oh oh people people look at this somebody ordered up Alice Alice
and Wonderland one who speaks for a God and interprets his will to men as in the
prophet of Zeus that's what that says in Greek Theos right Zeus and I'm an
interpreter and expounder of the will of Zeus for example tyresius oh you didn't know a prophet and everybody starts
panicking are you panicking now because a little bit of Hebrew propaganda from
Antiquity from pukes like Josephus and Pho has permeated your
brain over the centuries you got to clean that out have
you seen anything yet from the New Testament no you're looking at a Greek concept
guess what prophet is a Greek word it's a Greek word the concept
that the alexandrians who wrote the septu in the 3 Century the concept of
the Prophet having a vision guess what guess where that comes
from this tradition the Greek tradition is a thousand years before this already
established it's a Bronze Age thing prophets Bronze
Age yeah they're already there in the earliest stuff and Homer Homer can you
believe Homer oh
calus love it what's a prophet let's keep looking at the definition of prophet because I want to introduce the
satanic congregation to what a a prophet is for the first time look at that second line right after terius it says
Baku prophetes right the prophet of bakus prophet of bakus perhaps of
orus yeah and dionis you know same same not no no differences there right um and
what else of Delia and Apollo you have prophets you didn't know the pyas were
prophetesses yeah did you know that by the time Jesus is walking around calling himself a prophet because that's what he
does Jesus when you say to a crowd of people why you can't do your mojo well
it's because a prophet Propet has no honor when he's at home okay all right
so what else is a prophet Jesus no we need that back what else is a prophet Jesus look at number two it's a title of
official keepers of oracles okay if you guys thought I was making this up don't you know that Jesus
is part of the oracular tradition he may be a pirate but he's part of the oracular tradition the Christ has to be
right why do you you think he's walking around saying he's a prophet I'm a prophet I'm a prophet let me
prophesy yep look at number three an interpreter
I like that of what what do you interpret the montis look at that Greek word
montis right montis what is the Mantic that's Apollo baby that's that Priestess
delie that's what she gets is that Mania are those from the same route they think
they are yeah man and montis who is a
montis I know some praying
mantises yeah Jesus is gonna turn into a Praying manace did you like this I
brought you here tonight to turn you into a Praying manace in front of um my audience yeah you're welcome son of God
I love it let's go to the next one number five an interpreter a declare um
number Roman numeral number two um a Herald sort of Herald now look look at
Roman numeral number three it
stinks of poop
intellectual religious spoop look what happened they don't know
how to fit your own your Christian tradition into the into the definition
so what did one of the um editors that Liddell had for this what did he do what
did he do well look we gotta it's got to have its own definition for for the Bible when it's the Bible gets his own
definition you know that doesn't stand up to science because there's things
that are being written that are contemporary to the Bible right and the
stuff that applies to to them applies to the Bible so let's blow this up to you let
me finish off Watch What Happens um go beyond that creation a revealer of God's
will a prophet inspired preacher Teach an organ an organ an organ an organ of
special Revelations do you hear the Christianity in the definition so far you have gotten
the Greek in everything that's come before with glorious sources look at that look at
the sources in here eat that up eat that up who else
didn't did we skip over epines look at number four people epines was a prophet
do you know who epines was if Gnostic informant comes I'll ask him to say something about epines but epines is
because he's got some he's got gossip on EP epines and Paul yeah Paul so I'll let
him tell it I'll let him tell it if he comes um but look epines is there and
who's that freak he's the freak who gave Solon what Solon needed to start the
wheels of what eventually became democracy yeah from this guy epines
who's a prophet who is a prophetes a prophet people at Pines and do you know
what this Prophet this weird Prophet do you know what he looked
like he had tattoos all over his skin
they took his skin when he was done with it and they turned it in to a scroll isn't that nice isn't that nice that's
respect he was able to pass down to you you're sitting here today if you're
sitting in the US of a yeah if you're you're sitting in a democratic
government if you're sitting there if you're one of those workers you're only
there because of epines a known drug using Prophet who
had visions and you know you got to give it to them for all the science you know
what I mean just just smart smart yeah
yeah it's with the drugs it's the drugs right none of this physics right you
can't get there without the drugs what do you think the dunam are what do you think the powers are that Jesus is doing
it didn't say miraculum it said
dunamus fantastic let's keep going we still haven't seen Jesus stoned I want to see it it's kind of the climax look
at the last go back and look at the definition look at the very bottom here people look at I just want you to know
it also means an herbalist and when they say herbalist they mean somebody who grows and prepares
drugs drugs right this is where you get your drugs from in the ancient world
right and let's let's check out the medical none of the watch here's how you
need a classist over over a Bible scholar any day of the week are you
ready um go to the next one and blow it up for me fantastic put your glasses on
stupid okay um look ton proon who is
this this is Galen baby you just sit back and love it ah oh yeah look at this
I can hear it oh here it is here it is look at this oh oh look at this look at
the publication date on that people look at it 1829
1829 are you ready are you ready for this
here it [Music]
is profet look there it is there it is on
that second line down kind of in the middle Propet Propet wait what is Galen
doing talking I thought this was second century what is he doing talking about
he's a died in the wolf physician hypocritic loving guy he
is way into the anatomy he's into going into Rome and giving exhibitions there's
a famous one that he gave if you don't mind me telling you let's shut up Jesus there's something there's something
wonderful that Galen did he went into he went into Rome and he was like
I'm going to show the peeps at the exhibition where all the smarty smarts get together and look at things like
Anatomy he's like watch this and he takes in and um he ligates um the recurrent fenial
nerve and gets a pig to stop squealing and then releases the liation and pig
starts screaming again he says voila he didn't say that because he was in French right but um Eureka um and
there it was there it was now you know the origin of the voice right we know
that somehow it's connected from here and it's acting here
fantastic um yeah I bet you couldn't prove something like that don't don't
give me that um should have had his own cult so what is he saying here blow it
up what is he saying here he says look um the prophets they they aren't an agreement right um concerning the drug
that they're he's talking about in this section and he says look the the confusion is even greater with those of
us who are not prophets right so this is one of the drugs that he's talking about
that's being used by the prophets and you say to
me you mean the prophets were using drugs yeah yeah prophets use
drugs this is a medical text prophets use
drugs fantastic next one what about dascor let's get another physician here
let's get another physician what oh Aaron Aaron what is
Aaron Aaron well some people call aceron I
need to see it some people people call acaron nardos it's an agria it's a wild form of
the nard it's a wild form of the nard thanks you mean the stuff that Jesus is
carrying around is this drug yeah and okay it's a prophet's drug right let's
see what let's see what oh look at the next word Propet the prophets the prophets prophets what are
the prophets let's call it himos the blood of Aries oh my God have
you had the blood of Aries have you had the blood of Aries this is my blood this is my blood
these priesthoods These are priesthoods blood and Flesh Blood and flesh hail
Satan blood and flesh let's keep going it's baked in it's baked no I need to go
back to the one that it was boom yep okay and
uh no you're right let's keep going no actually let's go back I see
why sorry cheie stop turning the ship around um so the prophets the prophets
call it the blood of Aries ostanes who if you know who ostanes is who is ostanes who pray tell Jesus Christ is so
stunes he's a a what he's a what a marus he's a
marus he's a marus he's a famous marus and what is he called he calls it Thon
thess and what are the iup call it the Egyptians they call it
Kera Kera and what are the Romo what do the Romans call it
perum per prum and and some people call it
bakar yeah and the what are the thco call it what do they call it they call
it suom Suk
Nom really okay all right some people call it nard right what do those GS call
it what are those Golic people call it right we know they're in Turkey right we
know these are the ones in Turkey what do they call it Bard that makes sense Bard and it's a great smelling plant by
the way but let's go to the next one what does he say what happens to this plant oh he's no um look at the bottom
second line second line from the bottom it
says start from the beginning of that line um it causes the
ministration to flow right people didn't know take it down for a minute I forgot
to tell the audience I forgot to tell them I should have told you a long time ago um there are ways of drawing down
ministration there are ways of working in concert with your cycle using plants
and animals right substances mixed together that for you can cause you a
catharsis can cause you a cleansing or a purging now you can sit there you can
let your body do it itself or you can put your body back in touch with Gaia
and let Gaia make you the most most healthy that's what this doctor is
talking about this is one of the drugs that causes us to
menstrate wow I talk about control talk about control controlling the flow when
I started reading that I was like oh on the met on the drug side I was like
whoa whoa because if you think about it that's also a form of
contraception a form of contraception where is Mike Johnson when
you need him let's go next one yeah um it's good
for um it works not only to bring down ministration but it also is useful when
you drink it he says when you give it with wine it's useful for those who were
involved with the Thia those who are either struck or who are intentionally
involved take it down involved with drinking or
administering um or pushing or snorting um how many ways do we missed
um um anal suppository
right they use those two pesing if anybody knows what py is look it up look
it up it's too delicate for my ears tonight yeah pesy um let's go to the last one and
what else about this plant that the Magi are using um what else about it well he
tells you what it does and what you know you can take it with melat too which is like honey honey water um but I want you
to notice onl n the third line from the bottom in the middle it says
mag yeah it it's GNA be mixed with that
muron it's going to be mixed with it so those sex drugs that the people on the
island of Cyprus are using in celebration of their mystery those are
here and they're used with the very same drugs that Jesus Christ was given and
where do these things come from they come from pontis they come from friia they're Ayan they come from Italy too
right so they're very well aware Mediterranean Society take it down is very well aware of um exactly what these
plants can do right and that knowledge is is incredible we have lost this
knowledge in the last thousand years of Christianity we have lost this knowledge soon as Julian gave up the
ghost right soon as he finished his quest everything went to the
Christians and just like he said as soon as they start teaching they were warp I saw somebody right in I didn't get this
comment um but I saw somebody write in last week and or maybe it was the week
before and say something and about nus and say this is a text that is outside
the Bible the sacred nature of the Bible it's not that inspired it's not that
it's we're just not going to accept it we're going to cut the authority you know how the Christians set their Cannon by cutting out the things that scared
them right and the things they didn't want to teach they cut all those things out as a classicist you're trained you
can't take a body of literature and treat it any different from any other body of literature they are still human
texts and we're not there to establish Doctrine I'm sorry ladies of frustration
but we are not there to establish a Doctrine we are there as scientists with
words we are philologists yeah and that's why you
always come up with a fairy tale and you and you give it to the people and those
people suck it up and I know you do because you bring it onto this channel you bring your narrative onto this
channel remember what Sala said they're idiots they're
illiterate if you consider yourself an intelligent uh well-educated literate
when I say literate what do I mean by literate I mean you know letters and you
read I don't mean you recognize the stop sign I mean literate and the early Christians
weren't and celsus was pointing it out he was pointing it out to them right
notice what the Christians do they pick on those who don't have
access yeah yeah an educated
Christian you doesn't exist in the world
of the second century yeah yeah isn't that
interesting isn't that interesting let's go on to the next Source this is
bubbling hot and we still want to see Jesus getting high um yep some people say he's Propet etc etc keep uh keep
going um who are these idiots look at the second line people look at the second line the second to last word
idiot so Peter and John Peter and John are going around and
the people who are watching them um do their thing they can't believe their
Paran right they're struck by their free speech they're struck by their boldness
to speak and okay and unfortunately
K excuse me caloi catalo they they grasp they hold on to
they finally comprehend they realize they realize what yeah that these people
are idioti that Peter and John that they're idiots and they're a gr toy that's just
the alpha privative a plus the gr roote from graph to WR they literally they
cannot read They're illiterate it doesn't say uneducated if you read a translation it
says uneducated doesn't it doesn't it says they don't read was it on the
skills test Jesus when you obviously weren't using Roman State Standards
because your disciples can't fraking
read thought they were your students oh let's go into it Jesus let's let's let's
ask about your students where's the next slide what did people say about you oh here it is um what was our question here
um Jesus is saying anybody who receives a prophet right in the name of a prophet he gets the reward of a prophet he gets
the wages of a prophet right he receives Justice in the name of Justice this dude
gets a reward too keep going and whoever would whoever would
what whoever would water one of my mikron one of my little kitties with a
glass of cold water right whoever give him this whoever give
him that cup the name of that student I'm saying to you amen I'm
saying to you he's not going to lose his reward he's not going to lose his reward
the one who rewards the prophet you know what Jesus was making he was making
prophets and you say well that kind of makes sense that he was doing it kind of you can feel the magic pass along even
though you have these Renaissance paintings or you have these old older Christian Byzantine
[Music]
what I want to say and it's garbage look at the Byzantine oh my God it's
like did they are they all sick did they have the plague chewy I think they all have the plague again look at them
they're all like super super emaciated don't look at their bodies cover up do
you have the portrayal of breasts and Byzantine Christian
art you be hard pressed start looking now
okay let's go Mark 9:41 so whoever gives this is just a restatement whoever gives
that cup of water right my name right why he says because you are of Christ
that's all I wanted you to see here you belong he says kitties you belong to
Christ you belong to the one christed that's how the cult works that's how the
mystery works right that's why it's always described as wedding don't be
surprised if the imagery in your mystery call has plls in a wedding don't be surprised it's how it's at the core of
everything right who's Mars Mary oh who do you think right fantastic let's go to
the next one um and who oh yeah whoever is gonna whoever is gonna scandalize one
of my mikron one of my little boys it's starting to get disgusting Jesus it
really is whoever's going to scandalized one of my little boys one of the little boys that puts all his trust in me right
it's better it's better that he ends up getting thrown into a river with something hung around his neck from the
mill right oh right thanks okay keep
going um tell me this Miku um who is who is this
Yik you know these Disciples of Jesus they're we Lads they're we Lads um Jesus
tell me quick Jesus tell me what are they called what are your
disciples your Apostles called what are the 12 Jesus what are the 12 called
techia techia what are techia a techon is a small
child yeah as a small child
children children come with me come with me children now let's look
at something funny um we've brought you today go to that last one yeah and here
he's calling them pidea again because he's a pervert right either that or he's weird
Jesus is totally weird that he's calling middle-aged men
children all the time it's really weird let me wash your feet
kids right do you ever have somebody say that to you let me wash your
feet okay let's go to the next one it's but you know it's the thing it's the way
they did it I want you to look at this article this is just a randomly plucked
article from the bin of historic crappy how old were Christ's disciples here
they are Otis and Frank are going to figure it out for us I don't know know what they I don't know who they are I
don't know if they're husband and wife um but I I do know this I do know this
they wrote about the age of the disciples and they have a real problem take it down they have a real problem
because it looks like they're so young and every time they're getting in a circumstance it looks like it's little
kids reacting and we know as Frank and Otis know we know the ma was a student
student it was a teenager yeah from primary to secondary
somebody all the way from about nine all the way up to about 18 19 about there
yeah so Otis knows it Otis knows it they're trying to write an article to
figure it out let's follow them look at how fun this is this is glorious I love I love this kind of stuff um he took the
children in his arms he placed a child before those who asked who would be greatest in the coming Kingdom he
welcomed the praise of children in the temple remember when they all ran into the temple and Jesus kicking [__] over
and he's like oh and the kids are like a and they're screaming this is what he's
talking about he's he's always he's kind of he's got a herd of children a herd of
children who's this man with it did nobody think for a minute okay he loved the rich young man
yeah he did love that rich young man I remember that I don't want to be that rich young man in the in the after because who wants to
be known for that an egalitarian Heaven certainly not me oh he's that rich so
you know what I mean do we not find another marked instance in his friendship for the family in Bethany if
Lazarus were married strange that his wife does not appear in the narrative and we get the impression that the
sisters had no husbands it would however be unusual for so many in one household
to remain single after reaching the usual age for marriage which we have
seen to be 17 or 18 years in the case of men that varies that age varies um
according to region there's no blanket like this guy believes in Bible times and in Bible times there are absolutes
right you can throw a rock from one Village to another where the Customs are totally different so okay in general are
these the ages no no they're not um they hit the the women's age though they're
they're in the neighborhood because women are married off as nymphs because
they are in a biological state where they can produce children most
efficiently they Farmers people remember these are farmers
herdsmen right what right okay um so that's what he's
getting into it's it's really strange that Mary and Martha and Lazarus what are they doing that this is they seem
like children they're they're they're perfectly set in an environment they're children Jesus has more kids that he's
walking around with let's see what he what he finishes let's finish up that section if Lazarus were married it's
strange that his wife does not appear in the narrative yeah um should we jump down should we not think of the sisters
as girls under 15 years of age a young girl would be more likely than an adult
male such as um such a to make such a complaint to a visitor as Martha did
about her sister when we read that Jesus loved Mary Martha and Lazarus we see
another example of the affection the affectionate Delight ew
the affectionate Delight that he took in the young okay Jesus Took affectionate from the mouth of the of
Christians themselves Jesus Took Delight in the youth let's bring that
next one okay look at this people the important point however in connection
with our present subject is that as Jesus was so attracted toward the young
oh I know that sounds bad I know it sounds bad they must have been strongly
attracted to him oh God that sounds worse that sounds worse oh can this guy
can these two people make this any worse and it would have been strange if among
those most Earnest to receive his teaching there were not some as young as
those who in modern Mission fields are likely to be among the earliest to become his
followers okay did you did you smell
that wow wow can you believe that does
that okay people you can't blame them they're Christians and they're trying to
answer the question of why is Jesus associated with a group of 12 boys and
why is um why is he in the company always of other young people everywhere
he goes into tombs and he's got boys and tombs he's even dead and his body's gone
and all of a sudden there's a kid what's going on with this guy with all these children and he yelling in the
I'm not a child trafficker I'm not I promise okay let's go let's keep rolling
is there one more we will not press the point oh I just want to bring this this is for the British audience just we will
not press the point that it was very boy likee to forget to take bread when going out on the lake right you see what the
apostles are doing they're screwing up like children he says this is a angry
angry British man I think um and that young people will be more likely than older ones to have an open quarrel over
seats of the table remember the whole question about who's going to sit where right you think a bunch of 35y old
men would be doing that you think a 35y old man would be happy if his mother
came in to Jesus and said let me ask you a favor can my kids sit on your right
hand do seriously people and you thought
these were oh my God oh my God they're children people perhaps we should not
make much of their fright he says when the Squall burst on their boat as they
crossed the Sea of Galilee remember I told you we looked at that and the kids they all get crazy they're like and he's
like maybe we shouldn't make much of that why look Dr George mat this guy has
hoo-ha up his up his you know what um Dr George maton marveling at their abject
trepidation big word says listen to this quote listen to
this quote and if you wonder if you wonder King
Chuck why it's not worth your Allegiance if you wonder here it is
here's history burping King Chuck R upon your bib here it here it goes fancy a
company of English Sailors overtaken by a sudden Gale and giving vent to their
feelings in a simultaneous shriek of Terror imagine that fancy
that why why next one why is that fancy to me make your point
point he explains the mystery for these men are not English oh okay look it's a bunch of
it's a bunch of people in Judea these aren't Brits there's no
British sailor there's no British sailor that's gonna say something like he's gonna see that Squall and he's gonna be
stiffer upper lip than anybody around and he's going to say according to his
British Pride yeah yeah are you kidding me are you kidding
doctor you're a doctor and you're gonna seriously are we talking about text no
because these are Bible scholars these are not philologists everything that he just said it doesn't matter it's totally
irrelevant to the text you cannot speak with your stupid mouth and affected text
that is 2,000 years old you can't do it you can't do it so why do you bother all
you seminarians all you professors of Bible why do you bother with the books
that are so meaningless that have nothing to do with the original sources all you like to do
is you like to inject your own garbage let's go next one this is
Matthew 20:20 yeah and he went to the so what happens the mother this is the mother
you know of the sons of Zebedee right what does she do she comes there and she gets down in front of Jesus she says let
me ask you something let me ask you something and what does she go on to do she goes on to ask him let let my kitty
sit on your right and your left hand he's like listen
lady yeah he's going to take him up to the room eventually he's gonna take him
up to the room you know what happens in the room with Jesus you get his flesh
okay I I'm warning you people you wanted to see Jesus on drugs what does somebody
do Jesus of at this age what does somebody do how about some of the some
some of the women again on the third day while she was working at the purple who are we talking about who are we talking
working on the purple with her fingers we're talking Mary the mother of Jesus
the mother a us right we're talking Mary this Prophet this is his virgin mother
she was raised in the temple you fools yeah she's got her fingers in the
purple isn't that nice salame likes her which one which one quick go find
her here we go Mary what's going on some dude came in he was hot as hot can be by
the way I promised you I would do this um Henry Caville um if if I am a teacher
of Greek ancient Greek and if you would like to learn the language that
inspires um that stage where the actor stands I will give you free lessons I'm
told by chewy who will rip my arms off if I
don't make this offer so there you go are you happy are you happy chewy okay
you finally got it don't don't thank you Henry I appreciate your time sir okay
let's go um what else is Mary doing after nine months he came back to his house and found Mary pregnant
oh seriously how'd she get pregnant wherefore being in the utmost distress
he trembled and cried out saying oh Lord God receive my spirit for it's better
for me to die than live any longer now okay cuz he's afraid this girl came out
out this girl came out of the temple this girl came out of the temple she was being
raised in the temple with the purple she was being
fed by Angels she was a
dove she was a dove who do you think the Magi would
come to did you think the Magi wouldn't come to anybody was not the Virgin born
of course they wouldn't it's part of the cult people that's how we get there go
back to that text boom yeah stop thinking about Henry
get your head in the right place okay and The Virgins who were with Mary said to him Joseph what are you saying wait
The Virgins who were with Mary I told you they did something with that gold I told you they did how do you think a
girl gets into a temple how do you think she gets there right there's connections The Virgins who were with
Mary said to him Joseph what are you saying you old Boomer we know that no
man has touched her we can testify she's still a virgin and untouched you know
because you can touch and still not be a virgin but this one is untouched we have watched over her always these are the
virgins talking you hear the doves always she has continued with us in
prayer in prayer people I want you to notice that daily do the angels of God
speak with her do you know what a prophet does a prophet speaks with the
angels daily does she receive food from the hand of the Lord do you know how she
hears those angels she hears those angels through the purple we know not how it is possible there can be any sin
in her she is pure but if you w wish to tell okay then she goes on blah blah
blah blah right I want you to see take it down I want you to see The Virgins
talking now you say what the virgins you remember those girl
prostitutes that fingered Peter and when I say fingered I mean like in 1950s way
you know like um you know you catch somebody right right um yeah I should
have a hat and a trench coat um no but they caught him they caught Peter they
were Pro a couple of female prostitutes underage female prostitutes they caught him right who do you think these virgins
are yeah who do you think these virgins are they're working in the
temple yeah there's got to be gold behind this baby there's got to be gold
they bring it to him here it is what are we here for we're here for that virgin
Baby Woo yeah yeah gonna bring that bring
that star yeah Morning Star okay go to Egypt
now let's let's go to the next one and um there will be in the final days I
know thanks for waiting Gnostic if you're out there um if you're not I'm G to make fun of you um and there will be
in the F in the last days um says God what E I will pour out those of you who
were in my class and you just looked at the him to Adonis notice e and he are
were separated before by a de you can take that prefix right off of its verb
you don't need to have it sitting on top of it it's like the Greeks already made the connection you don't need it OPP
toos from from my spirit what am I gonna do I'm gonna pour it on the on All Flesh
I'm gonna Pour It On All Flesh and what's going to happen to that flesh if this is making you excited it it should
worry you a little bit right because you're starting to you're starting to smell the vapors you're starting to get
what's going on and I'm gonna make it I'm gonna put it on your flesh your flesh kitties and what's gonna happen
you're going to be Prophets The Sons your sons and your daughters they're all going to be prophets and your little
bitty kids they're going to see Visions the old goats are going to have
dreams take it down do you see what Jesus was doing with his
business do you see what the business of the Prophet is hit us again we're almost through
this people thank you for staying for so long but we're going to be done and uh we're going to go on after that if
you're sitting there with your still with your big TV for the people who said I watch this on my big TV and with the
the whole family shout out to you guys get some pop little more popcorn bring
it down right what does he do Jesus back to Jesus you're so disgusting what does he do he takes a
hold of Peter James and John he takes them with them and oh here's the drugs
people what what happens he begins to e
and now you got to tell I'll tell you what eomo means eomo is like when you
take a person who just got hit by a by a
linebacker yeah and now they're laying on the ground they're kind of like woo
you know they used to illustrate it with some Stars around the head you know what I mean that is being out of your senses
that's that's stunning right Jesus and the boys begin
to enter into this phase this state and what is something it's ad de moneto look
at look at this look look at this um ad moneto means to be sorely troubled dismayed to be in anguish to be in
anguish and notice that it's mental anguish go down to the next word yeah what is AOS to be a way to be a way that
they tell us Alice tells us from Wonderland she tells us hey she Whispers hey this is related to this derivation
wise um away from one's country or abroad do you know what it means to be out of your head look at that second
line taste M no mace yeah to be gone baby he's entering a state of
stoned and he is dazed he is dazed Now isn't there a
naked kid somewhere you know every time you're with Jesus there's gonna be a kid
and this time the kid's naked yes go back to the next one oh love it what
happens and he says to them what my soul my soul is pett
lupos to the point of up until until the stage of
death This is where my pain is my Lupe look what he's doing he's not
balling on the ground because he stubbed his toe or he broke his leg or something
right his Psych is being affected by what they took what was on that bread
that knowest tells us I don't care if he you like him or not or think he's canonical or not that nus tells us was
full of the anti um was full of the poison that the antidote that he was
given on the cross was meant to counteract the oxos that was meant to
counteract that stuff that he was putting in the bread that he gave to Judas when he drugged
Judas yeah love it let's keep going let's keep going oh it's a long one people Jesus Jesus says get up yeah pray
what happens Jesus is whacked and he comes back to Peter James and John he leaves the naked boy that's in the
middle of the park with him he comes back Stone throws away to where Peter James and John are keeping guard these
teenage boys are keeping guard and what does he say happens to him they fall asleep and he says wait Bill Cosby says
what he says Get Up and pray pray so you
don't okay it's creepy so you don't enter into the
Temptation so you don't enter that phase you remember where that Temptation comes from that
pmon that comes from the place where we get kicked the Aron not the topos but
the Aron that Wilderness that void that is where we get kicked under the
influence of the drug and when you are there that's when the trial takes place
that's when the trial takes place and he tells them get up get up and walk around walk around and move people walk around
and move and pray are you ready what are we doing we're praying what is Mary
doing when she's being fed by the Angels what is she doing when she's working
with the purple she's praying keep going we got to finish up
people are like hurry up old man I'm tired um Watch What Happens um Jesus can
you tell me Jesus one more time oh one hit oh I oh I can feel I felt that one
right on his privies let's find out what this
means what happened Jesus to all your boys now they all ran
away Jesus lost his boys he lost the Lost Boys in the end right only a couple
of them tried to follow him and they got scared off anyway cuz the female prostitutes were like dude you're the
Boys From Galilee we know you we know what you guys are up to Why do you think one of them gets him in the temple right
and Peter's walking behind him why do you think that happens oh they go fishing together the priest the um the
dude who's who who's o um overseeing Temple access he goes out with one of
Jesus's boys you didn't see that kid there they don't give him a name
sh right he's got his
oil yeah let's go to the next one and um what happens there was a
Nanos there was some kid look it even uses an indefinite here tis just some
kid there was some kid serving Jesus right wrapped up in a uh uh excuse me
wrapped where wrapped epig gumos wrapped on his privy members with the bandage
and um they went to grab him the arresting people because you know they were going to enter that into the record
Jesus Christ you and I are sitting here take it down you and I are sitting here and you and I cannot use that boy as a
witness because of History because he got away if the Romans had caught him um
you still would have been crucified but Church would have never been born Church
would have never been born with that naked kid that was with Jesus when he was arrested if we had that naked kid's
testimony Jesus Christ would have been one of History's biggest
criminals not the Savior and certainly not the one who is twisting your
world yeah yeah it's Rico laws baby let's go to the
next one Mark 14:52 and what did the kid do he left
behind the scene Don right he dropped the scene Don he dropped that bandage and eug gumos and ran away gnos there is
no mistaking this word right here in people in Greek this word right here there is no mistaking it means naked
naked gumos naked good so what happened to your kids Jesus they
all ran away including the one that was with him that had a medicated bandage on
his private parts with Jesus in a public park at 4 a.m. and what about Jesus's
face can we did did the arresting officers get any any sort of description yeah remember he has he has this bloody
kind of dark reddish um clotted blood stuff for his HUD door
his HUD door what is what bring it bring me the um give me the next one give me
the next one um uh uh um and going out to pray you know um he comes across his
Apostles right returning back from that prayer he comes back to his Apostles and he finds them
comos right and what are they comos from they're Kos from
Lupe from that state that state of Anguish that leads
to death they're there can this cup pass Jesus can you take this cup away right
no fortunately people it's the will it's the will of you know who got to bring
that cup Jesus has got it too even with his stuff that's all over his face and
look here at the bottom people just look look as Jesus is stoned look at this bottom
Lineo they were like cloths of blood and what what are they doing what
are they doing coming down into that Earth coming down into that basal layer
where we know erus ericthonius if you want
say the erei is built in honor that that offspring of the Virgin who is
ericthonius he's The Offspring of the
Virgin he's half serpent half serpent he is the Son of
God he is the Son of God produced by the
Theos yeah the god Bearer that's who he is let's go to go go to the last we're
almost there at last one people look uh no go back back up one people look here
um what's happening when Jesus has this stuff on his face right which makes you
wonder right you you evangelicals you can excuse this and say oh this is a you
can have a disorder of your sweat glands and causes you to produce a dark red
material this is what Jesus must have um it's amazing the links that you
idiots will go to it's it's amazing let's go and I mean idiot people not like a modern idiot I mean like an
Antiquity somebody who has no access yeah fantastic let's go to that
last one what's this stuff where is Jesus when he's in the middle of this he is in the middle of agonia and you think
you're you're a Catholic you're a Protestant and you know the agony you're
Mel Gibson and you know the agony you put it up and you put it up on the
screen and you know what you did you lied because you don't read Greek you don't read classical text you have no
idea who any of these thousand authors are you have no idea these thousands of
pages you have no idea all you get is what you hear from a priest or a
preacher or when you pick up your book and King James molests you with his translation
that's all you get by the way we're going to be done soon and not only with
this episode but with um with uh satanic initiation and um I am I am in the I am
looking for students I'm looking for students who are serious and who want
the tool who want the tool right I I joked about Henry Caville I wouldn't
charge you Henry I may charge you half but that's a serious offer JY that's a
serious offer but um I'm looking for the best of the best I'm looking for Samurai
is what I'm looking for I'm looking for Ronin and I'm looking to train them yeah
so um anybody who's interested anybody who's interested needs to find me go to
the next one um he Jesus is an Agony people and what is his Agony what is the
agony really it's a contest a contest or a struggle and notice they put gymnastic
exercises what is that Aon do what is that a going do it is a place up here
where you go and Jesus is there as a marus with his children who are
drugged this take it down this is the reality this is the reality of what
you've got in Christianity this is the real that I'm bringing you today I want
you to see Jesus for the person that he was for the person that he was I want
you to see him with the people that he worked with I want you to know whether you're Christian or Jew Muslim
atheist it's the same group you're all atheists I want you to see Jesus for who
he is it looks like we don't have Gnostic tonight Gnostic was going to tell you about epines perhaps he'll call
up it's time now Gnostic to come up I'll give him two minutes but he may tell you
about epines with his um with his quote that Paul uses and it turns out people
that that quote is from is do we send him okay
um I'll assume he can't make it um but he had an excellent point um
and that's that we have a source comes through fius quoting somebody um tmy
somebody or else um and anyhow uh by the way there are thousands of these unknown
people from Antiquity um who an author like gayen will say the physician Andreas says in his great work blah blah
blah right you didn't even know there was such thing as a dude named Andreas who was writing medical documents right
but yeah he's there right um and one of these talks about one of these talks
about um epines um quote and says hey uh this
thing is actually from media media was the one who used it when Paul quotes
epines he is quoting media directly he is quoting media
directly yeah when she called the create
Liars because they had misjudged a contest yeah Paul quotes that through
epines which is highly highly ironic beautiful and ironic at the same time
tonight we got to see a little bit of Jesus we got to see a little testimony we got to see who the man was
where he came from what kind of life he was living kind of life he was living
now we only have two sessions left we only have one more satanic initiation
and we only have one more Bible study so I will be bringing you on
Friday the Omega thank you all for coming hail
Satan you never car for pay and Fortune oh world
reown on the day that it came an you just turned it
down all the way why did you ever change your name
oh why did you ever change your
name
[Music]
hey